Welcome to Connect for World Languages.
When you log into your Connect course, the main screen lists your assignments in the center of the window.
This video gives you tips on successfully completing the homework assignments.
When you click on a homework assignment, a box provides important details about the assignment.
Click the blue begin button to start the activity.
The next screen is a summary of the details on this activity.
on this activity. Notice at the top you can see how many questions are in the activity. Click
continue to move into the activity itself. The first question in this activity is Communication.
Notice that the points for this question are available over on the left hand side, and there's also
a link back to your e-book in case you need a reference to find the answer. Read the material in the
box and the table underneath, and then answer the questions below.
For this question, select the correct verb from the drop-down menu,
and then type in the correct number to complete the sentence correctly.
If you need an accented letter, the small keyboard icon will offer those options.
Once you've answered, you can click the Check My Work button to get feedback on where you got answers correct and incorrect.
So long as your instructor allows, you may make corrections before submitting for a grade.
If you need to take a break, you can also select Save and Exit,
which allows you to complete this set of questions later.
Some activities may require you to submit for a grade without using the Check My Work option Go to the next question in this set of eight by using the navigation bar at the bottom of the screen
Once you have completed all eight questions, you can click on the submit button to send this to your instructor.
Some items are automatically graded by the computer.
Others require an instructor to review.
Some activities, particularly those labeled WBLM or Workbook Lab Manual,
may require you to record your voice saying the correct answer aloud.
There is often a reference provided, so you can listen to the correct pronunciation first and then say it yourself.
Similarly, some activities may require you to listen to the target language and answer questions about what is said.
One thing to note, always read the directions for each question in the activity.
Sometimes multiple answers are allowed. Sometimes you need to type your answer into the box.
Sometimes you can select from a menu of answer choices. The directions will make it clear
what you need to do in each case. One last suggestion. Don't forget to do your homework early.
With so many fun and interesting exercises in Connect, you'll want to keep practicing.
Enjoy the program and good luck.